[Music]
oh oh oh I was muted and him
all you up
oh I up all you up alright
alright ladies and gentlemen ladies and
gentlemen welcome back to the wheel
cheese sales yes cold-cast marathon game
number seven game number seven Adam do
you thank mr. Maximas black yeah hit me
up with the sound of trying to confuse
your opponent by speaking Spanish though
surprisingly accurate to the original
noise it was legitimately those dollars
basically it was identical identical
he basically round a we meet we round
yes what we did that happen and we just
fit it back at you yeah professionalism
do you think down here in the bottom
left-hand corner we have the
elderscrolls bond scream and up in the
top left we have captain Bobby we're
gonna call them Ghandi jerk doggone mrs.
Mondt scream look out when you're
playing any games that I've gone to unit
specifically civilization because Gandhi
will be the first person to nuke you
from orbit Mon Stream really sounds like
like a transformer
what-mon scream oh because what's gonna
scream at the end yeah it sounds like a
transphobic Starscream yeah mmm
Starscream by the way best transformer
pretty cool pretty cool
proxy oh my god he scouts it out just
like that
salty the proxy Stargate is found and
that loads them very hard when we get
going on over here
don't know he's gonna take up this
mothership core rate up to his base I've
never oh wow I guess harass kill some
SUVs he's only got one he's only gonna
have one marine he's like really greedy
build one at a time no ship is gonna win
that pretty much by itself oh my
goodness so he's gonna do the pylon rush
all but he's taking the mothership core
over to safe the safe the pylon and he
doesn't even save it why didn't he
overcharge the pylon herp derp because
he was saving it for his ultimate attack
the two pylons with the ramp
well one overcharge there probably would
have been nice this is an interesting
Wow he's even got an adept this is a
pretty aggressive rush I'm kind of
liking this play here from our Protoss
player I might even try this on ladders
thank you it might only work on on
smaller maps like this one yeah
yeah so it might be free hiker specific
but it gets to tear it like this if
you're saying especially early on you
get your motor Socorro pre-selected up
there
yeah and adepts are just gonna to hit
Marines they're gonna to hit SCV's he
really just needs to get in there with
these adepts I don't know why he's going
after the tech like this I would have
just loved to see the depths just kind
of sitting in this little crevice area
doing damage and then his psionic
transferring wouldn't he be really
really aggressive strong strong attack a
strong hug
Paul and he's got the Oracle hair ever
and now the Oracle
çb the stabilities subsequence energy
Wow
well you got it let's go
let's go do it
just killing everything that mine just
saved the parent yeah it's gonna get out
of this now is because of that one we
don't mind taking out the mother I'd
like to see a little bit better micro
with these attempts there we go now he's
putting in a little bit of work
yeah he's this one Marauder takes a lot
of DPS but the Marines though we're
still getting picked off one by one two
more of them are in here I would love to
see a nice sign on a transfer with the
low health adepts and just bring them up
in behind here and keep the strong ones
up at the front
oh no he's gonna have another line yeah
but you can use that against him you can
take an adept into the middle of his
mineral line blow up his own SCV's also
adepts kill them very oh no just focus
that one we don't mind the opportunity
it just kills it one hit he had it up
there too just boom kill it would have
been game over real quick
very nice one I'll feel pretty oh my god
that was an enormous kiss
Wow come on use your revelation man
there you go there you go he's not gonna
be getting you know I've been able to
get in the Terran holds that the Protoss
games news in terms of their and at this
point it is very very brave he's got it
he's got it he's got his army hotkey
dwith with his adepts so when he's
moving in is Oracle's are moving into he
needs to just go in now with all three
Oracle's and just a mu a mu go a mu go
before this widow line gets back into
business able dope
a Moog oh no okay no matter how many
times you try to say it it is not going
to happen
Wow I'll Mon scream deciding to double
expand behind this now you're in some
doo doo butter now you had some duty
about thermal expansion and the Terran
is considering drop play is a scary
proposition but he's not going to I
think he's still a little bit worried at
the gams
yeah this is he just needs to give this
up now you need to recall home bud and
just let this go you've messed up he's
done some really nice things here but
he's really messed up at points where he
could have just flat-out won and now he
just needs to back off that is a lot of
bio here for the Terran the Terran just
needs to stim once and it's all gone
these pylons ain't gonna do it for you
sorry
even what boredom shootin is not gonna
work
he needs to just go
doesn't want to one city wants to give
him
mr. time lost all are
well you know what you know what he did
he wasted all of his mothership core
energy he wasted his entire army and and
he just could have his recalled home or
at the very least did two over charges
just ran away
he just ran just came home and regrouped
and now he's got to deal with the
counter-attack
he's got three Oracle's to try and do
something but he's already got widow
mines and he's got too much he needs to
bring these widow mines down here there
isn't a lot of Marines these these widow
mines will be able to kill this whole
army the whole army did just gets off an
overcharge there go go go there you go
he's finally using them if the stutter
step to these bad boys are you gonna
keep pay from them otherwise you're not
revealing
with portals alright so now we've got it
it's it's it's it's come back to a
little bit a bit of a better situation
here from on scream despite the fact
that he was just tossing pitches
everyone he just go in now he just needs
to go with those Oracle's if he if he a
moves here well he needs to go before
this turn done once the turrets up
you're done and if he doesn't have hey
mani missed so many balls to do that no
use waiting for me mortal I like these
adepts I like this this play over here
he's gonna split up the army the Oracles
are in the back dealing serious damage
the Terran is preoccupied oh don't get
too close all God
there goes 300 a gas gone that quickly
the terrans nice you got on a Viking
he's gonna be able to back off the the
air here gonna drop down some mules very
nice placements for these widow mines
I'd love to see the back ones here get
up a little bit closer in case he tries
to push that overcharge does nothing and
he's forced to back off and now that
Erin's Army is looking bigger and bigger
once again he had another opportunity to
a move with those Oracle's and clean up
everything force a lift off and keep
this Terran at one base but does not do
that and the more this game goes on the
scarier the more they're scared I get
here for this Protoss player because his
tech just is not there once the bio gets
up and you don't have the AoE you don't
have charge you're in some doo-doo
butters
still doesn't have
still doesn't have really anything he's
got three bases let's vote it
poking around with stop off and on
he's done - boys
and now his femur was surrounded by
several mortals again
Taron with just a much better trade the
army that he just traded into the
Protoss is army so worth yeah it was
worth but I don't word but at the same
time he is on two base opposed to the
three that this does count that was a
decent hold therefore Mon scream it
could have been much better I think that
the fact that he just has so much more
economy double the Terran that is just
almost unheard of he's getting twice the
amount of minerals his tech just isn't
there yet
now he's getting thermal Lance it looks
like he's gonna be going into Colossus
Colossus not that strong in this game I
would have loved to have seen him maybe
get disruptors instead a little bit more
cost-effective obviously the Colossus
gut nerve pretty hard and I think a
disruptor here with Geist would
complement this army so nicely a decent
force field but a missed opportunity for
he could have definitely split them in
half there it looks like Terran is gonna
go ahead and drop and this is where the
Terran favorite map really comes into
play these drops from one base to
another it's so easy to fly back and
forth this is a big drop the mothership
core is in in position the pylons are
there just artosis all over the place
and he's going to go ahead and
counter-attack question is does he have
enough over here and I don't think he
does no it doesn't have enough to hold
this for sure unless of course the
Protoss does something absolutely
which he has on a couple of occasions so
far so it's not out of the realm of
possibility
Darrin has said definitely going to do
attack so if he made it just against all
odds to hold this off he's got himself
in a really great
half the three-count and supply yeah
both the protons look at them look at
the income 200 to 1400 and it's not even
three face Oh God oh well that was a hit
to the economy to say the least
well now he's not moving bro got a movie
he's got to go to the island he's gonna
get gold yeah he's gonna sit down why
not and the Protoss that is gonna have
much for production at this point it
seems he's deeply picked apart
yes again he has multiple bases but he's
not producing it is the third even
saturated no oh that's that's a second
now this is the third one third oh yeah
now heating up Wow this all it takes to
medevacs when you're out of position and
your mothership core is not o+ I mean
you'd only be able to overcharge a pylon
here and there is just gonna die quickly
this is a classic Terran base race and
this is definitely one that Terran wants
in this situation when you're so far
behind economy wise he's the backup here
does not want to lose his medivac Center
is a retreat
Marines unfortunately not making the
shortlist on getting on that ride out
they are going to get cleaned up there
by what is left of Mon screens mom
screams army that gold is gonna be a
deciding factor here is beyond belief
the Terran was able to do a lot of
damage with a very small army the
Protoss is a huge army but none of them
are getting to that island particularly
quick without several yeah and he got
rid of the the Robo he got rid of the
the bay he got rid of so much now he's
gonna go ahead and get a bunch of
Phoenix try and pick off these medevacs
while this is why this map is so good
for Terran not only the drops but this
is a nice default specifically in these
scenarios where you're doing base trades
like base races the the Protoss is just
it's just going to be so hard for him to
get over in this island he really needs
to build a huge amount of air to get in
there he's not gonna be able to bring a
wolf prism and just drop it'll get
gunned down if I was in the Protoss his
position right now haha wow he is
hurting like oh no he's still got 42
progeny all somebody to learn English if
you want to communicate that's not right
and interesting chirping somebody
straight up chirpy chirpy chirpy okay
well we just got a bunch of Phoenix
these guys are talking one dudes in
Spanish other dude is in English they
don't know what they're saying to each
other
he is just pumping Phoenix for some odd
reason I guess he's just got enough
Phoenix now that he can just go in here
and start picking up unit
while he picked up way too many bond
screen finally when to go to translate
all right well still not a whole lot I
mean I don't know why he picked that he
used I don't know why he continues to
build Phoenix's well I mean yeah it's
not it's not a great life choice but he
could have Jeff definitely just picked
up one or two Marines at a time and
killed them but instead he used all of
them and so he had no DPS and then his
Phoenix started dying well he's gonna
continue to build Phoenix regardless of
how many thousands of other things he
has available to him for options I can't
believe he's not expanding or not just
building more stargates or something
yeah anything yeah he's just he's just
building Phoenix off this one Stargate
he did he did get his fourth down his
economy is definitely rolling and he's
got enough Phoenix here honestly to kill
everything
you just pick up one or two Marines at a
time
but instead he just it's what I was
through gets an SUV I mean eventually he
will win this he's a hundred and forty
one supply two forty one word a half to
the bed so hard it's impossible
yeah I know I say that but he's actually
on an island and in order for him to get
off the island he needs air and her so
many Phoenix
they're finally
a bunch of the process but yeah but I
mean every time he does that these
minerals were going down and slow death
it is the slow death there's a slow
drawn-out death that I would not like to
endure myself oh he's just still sitting
here with this I mean you could even get
him some hallucinating Phoenix if you
wanted to just take some of that DPS off
the ones that he's gut and Gandhi here
just he's just not given up Gandhi is
not giving up and well I don't know what
else to talk about at this point except
for our sponsors loot crate t2 a.com and
you're the wood watches $20 off by using
a promo code both up til December 31st
after that it will be 5% off using the
promo code make sure to go check out all
the giveaways underneath the stream and
if you're watching this on YouTube in
the description below make sure to go
check them out suddenly doesn't want to
speak Italian anymore and now he wants
to speak English
oh he is starting to get a is starting
to build up a little bit of an army the
perfect response to this would be
something in Italian
because I am from sin Bria some some
power
hello this is painful I mean these guys
are just having a powwow
this is probably like the last unit I
would get when you're on an island like
this I just math Lloyd race or get
tempus
or errors I mean pretty much anything
out of that Stargate except word Phoenix
yeah what have been would have been a
great life choices appropriate choice he
still got these two widow minds up here
they've only got a combination of 22
kills at least he's double pumping these
grabbing another base I would love to
see the terror window were to win this
game I'm giving him a g2 a gift card oh
yeah
straight-up it's gonna throw that out
there this guy is trolling so hard I
would give him less time Protoss is just
doing some dumb like he's literally
just sitting around building Phoenix one
at a time
he's not even out - now - now he's at -
yeah he's got this one oh well I mean
we've stepped up in the world we
made it to two in the production cycle I
well I spent two weeks in a mental
hospital recently so you might have a
point
amazing whatever you're seeing here I
don't even know what's go back there
I've seen it all I've seen it I don't I
don't know it's like some English
Spanish Italian mashup I'm gonna speed
this yeah liberated rate you get if he
can stack up some more libs
I would dude i i would my
pants i mean how would even get past
this which is not impossible right now
these these liberators do a lot of a lot
of damage in high numbers i i swear if
this terran wins this game dude it will
be next level they're having like a
serious conversation about mom screams
gonna have a mental issue if he's not
careful he needs this game it might put
him in the asain asylum
he's a repair these there you go now
he's our parent he's pretty much out of
minerals now meanwhile the other guy is
just swimming in him he's just getting
pure Phoenix duties he's maxed out two
at a time
he's like maxed out on Phoenix which is
exactly why he will lose this which is
the worst part
building carriers now and for a time is
this the future a building for
this is the future it is the future
carriers will carry or should win the
game - I mean there's so many Phoenix
that oh my god he's gonna he's gonna
lose everything he's gotta lose he's
gonna lose everything
oh no he's gonna lose he's gonna lose
all this
why would you do that the Terran even
was slow to do that to like the Terran
didn't even go to Terra took his time
like he could have immediately just set
up the liberators been done and everyone
gg you were too lost nothing Oh rip
don't do this to me Star Trek star fan
don't do this to me everybody hope you
want to take a quick second and go grab
yourself a nice cold can of Sussex going
ginger ale oh don't do this to me just
like here lag TV o my people
the bed is a tradition don't do this
don't do this oh my god
it's still 200 supply to 101 for
carriers a bunch of Phoenix immortal
centuries is he upgraded level one me a
favor real quick pause this game I want
you to bring up techno goose and I want
to do zero casting for the rest of this
game because it's pile of dog I
just want you to play techno goose for
the remainder of this game and we're
just gonna follow this army around and
watch this bilingual asswipe lose this
game to a single golden island
[Music]
yeoman
get those darn
[Music]